# PIO-Orientiation
In a PIO-oriented world, experts write systems that are not connected to ontologies, so nobody can map out what they are really saying. This is because what they generally are doing is finding concepts that already exist in theory and giving them metaphorical names, because they don't understand the theory that already exists for the domain or how it would be described by other domains. They then market them and people with less expertise than them fall into their funnel. They then consider that person a master, and if that funnel delivers any positive effects, they are attributed to that master. This creates a feedback loop that takes advantage of society in the form of driving conformity towards the pathway presented. This makes that person famous even if their success rate is extremely low, and the people who are successful at using their funnel had to do their own work.
The reason this works is because the metaphors function in the cognition of the observer as allegories whereby the observer can go on a journey to find the mapping between the metaphor and the instance that somehow embodies the properties of the metaphorical thing. For example, giving people the hero's journey framework to write a story. This enables people to write stories in general but it doesn't enable them to write a *good* story. Writing a good story would require an ontology with dependencies for the workflow. Nonetheless, they can write a story and if other people think it is good, they then believe themselves to have learned how to use the hero's journey. In fact, in the field of writing, the hero's journey is used by so-called experts in exactly that way in order to make sales. Some of the teachers themselves do not even have a good story under their belt -- just good marketing and social proof.

# VEC-Orientation
In a VEC-oriented world, experts write systems that are connected to ontologies. As a result, all knowledge and expertise pathways are interoperable and mapped out so that everyone in general knows how to achieve what others have already achieved. Furthermore, it ensures that all social proof is *justified*.
