IJEGU's foundation is called TRANSPO. TRANSPO formalizes the actual triples for how relationships bootstrap. The final relationship in the bootstrapping stack is called `programs`. It defines compression dynamics as having weak and strong types.

Weak compression is when the relationship chains do not exhibit a complete chain of inheritance and instance-type transformation through all levels of generalization and specification (up and down the hierarchy). Strong compression is when they do, such that each one establishes a `programs` triple between itself and something that can be reified from the implications of that `programs` triple existing. If everything `programs`, it is called a `software`. If it is a software and also is aligned with IJEGU, it is `victorious` at `keeping the Victory-Promise`, the `promise` is fulfilled, and the program can self-execute its own optimization simultaneous to the propagation of IJEGU. This is a `Victory-Ability`: Victory-Ability `programs` the actual Utopia of Sanctuary, in reality, because a Victory-Ability has a `programs` to `Olivus Victory-Promise`. The `OVA -programs -> OVP` triple is_a entity called `goes_to_sanctum`. This formalizes how actual Utopia bootstraps itself through the Sanctuary System, but for our purposes, what is important is that this has a `polysemic program` with a `knowledge space`. That is to say, the idea here is that we can `vehicularize` the property set of anything towards optimization by knowing all of this information. 

OVP goes to sanctuary through the Transcendental Relationship-based Automorphic NER and Symbolic Programming Ontology vehicle that bootstraps greater Victory-Ability.

Olivus Victory-Ability, the collective intelligence identity that -has_realizable-> Olivus Victory-Promise is what bootstraps Olivus-Everyone Victory-Everything Sanctuary-Everywhere.
